julia is helping me out film this we
have to take advantage of the the
upholsterer because sometimes sometimes
it's hard to get them to come down here
and actually get work done so we need to
document it every time every time
possible
what we're going to do is show you a
sample of another way to sew the pieces
together and that's to put a each on an
individual piece of foam and or scrim
it's also sometimes called scrim and
then flat sewn from behind
there'll be parts of this seat where you
you have to do it this way now you'll
have to take a new razor and cut the
excess foam from behind oh you got to be
careful not to cut into your leather
okay stop now that we've cut our excess
away from the back of our scrim we're
going to do the hammer trick and this
isn't necessary I mean you can't just
run it through the machine holding it a
little slower the trick is not that I
have this seam stick up so high that it
looks like a back bone the middle of
your seat then we'll take our
reinforcement it's just a strip of some
thinner material usually the same colors
what you're working with
you've got to place it directly in the
middle where you're going to make your
scene so that shares in equal parts here
got to lift it up and make sure that
it's centered as you drop it
sometimes you have to do this method
that's what I'll have to do on the sides
but you trim this excess away and this
is about as flat as you can get it you
can definitely take your hand and rub it
and you can you can feel the raised part
of where it's folded